CountersAndLists in Reference Documentation (#3529)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Reference/fleetautoscaler.md

Reviewer: Similar comment to what Mark mentioned in fleet.md. Mention Counters and Lists in the bullet point notes below the examples https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/735e1cf069ffcdf10ff37b2c922e4215da5cf70d/site/content/en/docs/Reference/fleetautoscaler.md?plain=1#L92

      seconds: 30
```

> {{% feature publishVersion="1.37.0" %}}

Reviewer: In terms of ordering the page, the Counters and Lists examples should probably go after the `webhook` autoscaling example since they're still in Alpha.

      seconds: 30
```

{{% feature publishVersion="1.37.0" %}}
Counter-based `FleetAutoscaler` specification below and in the {{< ghlink href="examples/counterfleetautoscaler.yaml" >}}example folder{{< /ghlink >}}:

```yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling.agones.dev/v1
kind: FleetAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: fleet-autoscaler-counter
spec:
  fleetName: fleet-example
  policy:
    type: Counter  # Counter based autoscaling
    counter:
      # Key is the name of the Counter. Required field.
      key: players
      # BufferSize is the size of a buffer of counted items that are available in the Fleet (available capacity).
      # Value can be an absolute number (ex: 5) or a percentage of the Counter available capacity (ex: 5%). 
      # An absolute number is calculated from percentage by rounding up. Must be bigger than 0. Required field.
      bufferSize: 5
      # MinCapacity is the minimum aggregate Counter total capacity across the fleet.

>       # If zero, MinCapacity is ignored. 

Reviewer: Same comments as left in the examples/listfleetautoscaler.yaml and examples/counterfleetautoscaler.yaml.

>       # If non zero, MinCapacity must be smaller than MaxCapacity and it can be greater than or equal to BufferSize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # If non zero, MinCapacity must be smaller than MaxCapacity and must be greater than or equal to BufferSize.
```

      minCapacity: 10
      # MaxCapacity is the maximum aggregate Counter total capacity across the fleet.
      # MaxCapacity must be greater than or equal to both MinCapacity and BufferSize. Required field.
      maxCapacity: 100
```

List-based `FleetAutoscaler` specification below and in the {{< ghlink href="examples/listfleetautoscaler.yaml" >}}example folder{{< /ghlink >}}:

```yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling.agones.dev/v1
kind: FleetAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: fleet-autoscaler-list
spec:
  fleetName: fleet-example
  policy:
    type: List  # List based autoscaling.
    list:
      # Key is the name of the List. Required field.
      key: rooms
      # BufferSize is the size of a buffer based on the List capacity that is available over the current
      # aggregate List length in the Fleet (available capacity).
      # It can be specified either as an absolute value (i.e. 5) or percentage format (i.e. 5%).
      # Must be bigger than 0. Required field.
      bufferSize: 5
      # MinCapacity is the minimum aggregate List total capacity across the fleet.

>       # If zero, it is ignored.
>       # If non zero, it must be smaller than MaxCapacity and can be greater than or equal to BufferSize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # If BufferSize is specified as a percentage, MinCapacity is required must be greater than 0.
      # If non zero, MinCapacity must be smaller than MaxCapacity and must be greater than or equal to BufferSize.
```

      seconds: 30
```

{{% feature publishVersion="1.37.0" %}}
Counter-based `FleetAutoscaler` specification below and in the {{< ghlink href="examples/counterfleetautoscaler.yaml" >}}example folder{{< /ghlink >}}:

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: As a reminder: We'll want indivual copies of this content in `/examples` for each of these FleetAutoscaler examples please (it's just a copy past into a new file - same as https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/main/examples/webhookfleetautoscaler.yaml)

Author: We already have two yaml files for counter and list🤔

https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/main/examples/counterfleetautoscaler.yaml
https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/main/examples/listfleetautoscaler.yaml

Reviewer 2: Thank you! I 100% missed those.

```

List-based `FleetAutoscaler` specification below and in the {{< ghlink href="examples/listfleetautoscaler.yaml" >}}example folder{{< /ghlink >}}:

```yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling.agones.dev/v1
kind: FleetAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: fleet-autoscaler-list
spec:
  fleetName: fleet-example
  policy:
    type: List  # List based autoscaling.
    list:
      # Key is the name of the List. Required field.
      key: rooms
      # BufferSize is the size of a buffer based on the List capacity that is available over the current
      # aggregate List length in the Fleet (available capacity).
      # It can be specified either as an absolute value (i.e. 5) or percentage format (i.e. 5%).
      # Must be bigger than 0. Required field.
      bufferSize: 5
      # MinCapacity is the minimum aggregate List total capacity across the fleet.
      # If zero, it is ignored.
      # If non zero, it must be smaller than MaxCapacity and bigger than BufferSize.
      minCapacity: 10
      # MaxCapacity is the maximum aggregate List total capacity across the fleet.
      # MaxCapacity must be bigger than both MinCapacity and BufferSize. Required field.
      maxCapacity: 100
```
{{% /feature %}}

> 

Reviewer 2: Same as you did in fleet.md - need the fields desribed in the section from 144 onwards.

Author: same doubt, the fields in the counter and list for the autoscaling to be included in the `spec` field?
